I personally do not suggest players attempt a nuzlocke run of Shin Pokemon Red/Blue. Trainers in this rom hack are not
complete pushovers. They try to choose moves with some semblance of good play, and their pokemon tend to have slightly
better stats compared to your pokemon at the same level. Knockouts are fairly common. Your nuzlocke run will likely end 
in Mt Moon if playing by the normally-accepted ruleset. If you really want to do it though, I suggest playing your 
nuzlocke run via the ruleset I have put together below.


Core Rules:
-----------
1 -	Any pokemon that faints is considered dead, and it must be released or permenantly put in storage.
	Modification A -	A pokemon is only considered dead if it dies from poison, a OHKO move, or a critical hit.
	Modification B -	If you black out, the earliest pokemon in your party to faint that is still living is now dead.
						
	
2 -	You may only catch the first pokemon encountered in each area even if it faints or flees
	Static encounters with wild pokemon, as well as any shiny pokemon, may be freely caught and used. They do not count towards this rule.
	Modification A -	Gift pokemon, prize pokemon, and in-game traded pokemon are exempt from this rule.
	Modification B - 	The trade functionality of the cable club is prohibited. Trade Evolutions are now acquired via level-up.
	Modification C - 	This rule is not in effect until the player first recieves the pokedex and obtains pokeballs.
	Modification D - 	With regards only to the safari zone, this rule is reset upon paying the entrance fee. 
						However, all areas of the safari zone are considered to be a single area for this rule.
	Modification E -	Pokemon caught purely for using HM moves are exempt from this rule. They may never be used in battle.
	
3 -	You must nickname all pokemon you catch.

4 - Your game is over if you have no pokemon left to use.
	Modification A - 	A blackout is only a game over if you have no living pokemon in your party or PC storage.

5 -	You cannot save and reload the game to avoid a negative outcome. 
	Corollary A -	The Softlock Teleport is also prohibited.
	Corollary B -	This rules does not apply when encountering a glitch or bug in the game that unfairly hampers your progress.


Additional Rules:
-----------------
6 -	The battle style must be kept on "Set".

7 - You are highly encouraged to stock up on healing items and supplies at pokemarts. You will need them.

8 - You cannot run back to a pokecenter through caves, dungeons, gyms, or routes until you have trekked through them at least once.
	You must push on ahead, use Dig/Teleport/Fly/Escape Rope/etc, or incur a blackout.

9 -	Trainers can be rematched for friendly sparring after defeating them. Faintings during such rematches never count as deaths.

10 - Any time you black out at the Indigo Plateau, the Elite 4 are considered to have confiscated your badges.
	 You must return to Oak's lab and turn on Trainer Scaling via the bottom-right aide.
	 All eight gym leaders must be re-matched and defeated to get your badges back (your choice on the order).
	 These gym leader rematches are serious. Your pokemon are susceptable to death in spite of Rule 9.
	 Trainer scaling can be turned off once all eight badges have been regained. 
	 Only then are you allowed to re-challenge the Elite 4.